Add and edits readmes (#47)
loambuild/loam-sdk: crates/loam-cli/README.md

# loam-cli

Build smart contracts authored with Loam SDK, manage smart contract dependencies from a frontend, initialize new loam projects.

Loam CLI comes with three main commands:

* `loam init` - Generates a [Loam frontend](https://github.com/loambuild/template?tab=readme-ov-file) that includes an `environments.toml` file describing the network settings, accounts, and contracts for each environment your team builds against.
* `loam build` - Two build processes in one:

>   * Build smart contracts. Essentially, this is a wrapper around `cargo build` that will additionally traverse dependencies and find any with a `package.metadata.loam.contract = true` setting in their Cargo.toml, and ensure that they all get built in the correct order. You can use `loam build` to build non-Loam-SDK projects and it will Just Work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Build smart contracts. Essentially, this is a wrapper around `cargo build` that will additionally traverse dependencies and find any with a `package.metadata.loam.contract = true` setting in their Cargo.toml, and ensure that they all get built in the correct order. You can use `loam build` to build any soroban projects with the contract setting in their `Cargo.toml` and it will Just Work.
```

Reviewer 2: @willemneal I purposely meant that you can, in fact, use this with projects that do _not_ have the `package.metadata.loam.contract = true` setting, too. I tried and it works! Because it's just wrapping `cargo build`, with the extra dependency-traversal stuff. I found this clarifying, personally, but maybe it's not that helpful to others. ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯

Reviewer: It's more than just cargo build. It sets the crate type and so not generally meant to be for any crate.

* `loam dev` - Turns the contracts you depend on (contract dependencies) into frontend packages (NPM dependencies), getting your app to the point where it is ready to build or run with its own dev server. Also monitors `contracts/*` for changes to the environments.

> * `loam build` - Essentially the same as `loam dev` but runs for the production environment identified in `environment.toml` and does not continuously monitor `contracts/*`.

Author: Come onnnn! Just one deplopy for fun!
